So, it's me again, Sebastian.
Hey, congratulations.
You just completed something quite amazing,
you translated something from Python to C++ and it sounds tedious.
But I hope you learned from some of the basics how programming languages work.
And how different programming languages work,
because they are different.
Both are the main industry standard and both are very important.
Next, we're going to dive into something that
I had to do a lot of when I was growing up as a programmer,
looking at lower level language functions in
C++ things like pointers and memory allocation.
Those might sound very cryptic and alienating in the beginning but they're essential to
writing efficient and effective software in
C++ and you need to know them. So let's dive in.